[Music]
hey guys welcome back to my channel my
name is Riley if you're new and today
I'm taking you along for a day at my
school I haven't done one of these
videos in a while so I thought it would
be fun to do
it is currently 750 and I am headed to
school I woke up at 5:00 I did my
morning routine I'll link it up in the
information if you want to check out my
morning routine but I just wanted to
start it right now because you've all
seen like what I do in the morning my
car actually does not have a radio that
works or like any stereo system
whatsoever so I'm just going to play
this on my phone so you don't just hear
me I'm on my Spotify and I'm going to be
listening to you let's get this bread
playlist
but that coffee shop
Oh
and we're here it is 801 this guy's
always so pretty outside hello everybody
I said it before and I'll say it again
life moves pretty fast less than sex
only needed for today look so it is
currently 805 and we have until 8:20
before we have to go to our morning
assembly so usually this is like cram
time if you didn't
[Music]
and in walks in this very familiar sort
of I'll reenact the way the shape was
walking I was walking out and he was
walking in and I shouted from across the
giant eagle I thought someone was buying
up all yet Nick foods yeah he did the
most mr. Cromwell thing possible he had
his little shopping basket he started
spinning around like a cheap English
accent he said yes sir we are richer
quiz did we take the quiz yes we did
[Music]
so we have this little section of our
white board that has a bunch of like
birthdays and stuff but if you can see
the one where it says how many days till
graduation so he was gonna do the honors
I'm asking Siri how many days until May
13th
I like your Siri is he like a British
man Australian even better how many days
till March 2nd 35 jeez
it is gonna graduate well that'll be fun
cuz you're hoping it'll be done yeah
it'll be a graduation slash birthday
party double done with economics we have
lunch time and we actually actually for
this semester we have seminary during
lunch so I got mine from our little time
I'm so hyped up healthy studious gallery
I got this comment on my video that was
like it's the same guy that that gave
the pill in the beginning is the same
guy that was the is the guy that gave
the pillow in the beginning the same
indirect to discourse guy and direct
discourse guy yeah they're like I'm too
lazy to go back actually why am I the
indirect discourse guy because you're
like oh that must be like that is so
easy and I might have okay alright
[Music]
thank you well today I do flunk out of
school
very Allah we should we should do this
[Music]
girlfriend
shut the front door you two I would
start a YouTube channel but I wouldn't
talk about anything relevant interesting
hey guys so I am now in my study hall
class this is my single study hall I am
by myself for this period while other
kids are taking other classes I have a
lot to work on so we have a big paper
that's due on Wednesday and then I also
have big biology test over like four
chapters which is pretty big it's like
kind of cumulative because it was like
before Christmas break that we went over
half of them I need to finish my study
guide for that he gave us one but it's
like without any definitions or answers
or anything so I need to like finish
writing up all the definitions and
answers and then I think those are the
two main things right now that I need to
finish because that's they're both do
like on Wednesday and then if I have any
time after we on that for a little bit I
might work on this video but we'll have
to see
we got my ranch here it's not it's not
the other one also look is handwriting
good comment down below if it's the best
you've ever seen
look at that age what's that see putting
this in the fridge just in case we have
a ranch shortage I need to put ranch on
my salad and so cuz I eat healthy as you
know thanks see ya ya bye bye bye girl
okay so my music teacher is not here
today so
we're getting an extra study ho so I
spent a little bit more time working on
my video after doing some of my biology
and now I'm going to head back into the
regular classroom and work on my
composition paper and then I'll also
have the next period which is actually
composition class to spend work on that
paper as well so let's go ahead and go
do some composition and write a paper
you know I think you're gonna do the
high-pitched ones sorry today this is
called Conrad on the give it to you
fools don't think that gangsters be
dressed and down in the hood you know my
homies be messin ain't never crossed the
fool who we get to hear of lil nyuk on
the mic dropping rhymes of pure love I
sound so white singing where you find
these folks that can I get them on the
Congo by the drop of my hats no man no
sir you ain't no mr. Kurtz but if you
drop it in a bumpin then a fool will get
hurts why don't just say my name just a
couple more times djz Nyack could be
dropping rhyme faster than your mama
cooks that be no surprise with this
closet is broth Lena's lemons and limes
that seems so sublime but now I'm a run
out of times so if a play I'd be dressed
in then why you delay DJ Aidan dropping
beats out the darn today with Deshawn
and arriving in the morgan behind him
who's got Serena and Aaliyah
mother his limbs he brought the handy
who's a fan of breaking his hearts money
be redundant this Bloods got part of
darkness in abundance
Conrad dr. Huxley and Aidan these names
will drop a fool in the streets did you
say him because he's so rare and because
they so hype staying classical is the
only way of living this night
now I must depart I ought to wish you
well adios sayonara
you know I added the parts time to write
my papers on the darkness departs
[Laughter]
so end of the day all right
paper and then she said pieces a piece
of paper or like a piece of paper like a
piece like a little piece of a paper
show of paper
okay like a sheet of Fame you were
almost finished eating a page
every morning you greet then it's you
than its ally that it's me
solitary song
[Music]
[Applause]
oh yeah guys alright guys I really hope
you enjoyed this school vlog everybody
was kind of in a good mood which I
really like because then that makes the
day happier and we got a lot of study
halls which probably added mood the
overall mood of everybody I really hope
you enjoyed if you did make sure to
subscribe and click the notification
bell so that you can be notified when I
upload I'm excited to turn 18 and the
Graduate and for the summer and go to
college and all of the amazing things
that are happening in the future so if
you want to be around to see those occur
those things happen then make sure to
subscribe thanks so much for watching
guys I love you and I will see you in my
next video
[Music]